correct settting log level in readme (#3731)
kubecost/cost-analyzer-helm-chart: README.md

## Adjusting Log Output

> You can adjust the log output while deploying through Helm by using the `logLevel` property and/or the `LOG_FORMAT` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust the log output by using the `logLevel` Helm value and/or the `LOG_FORMAT` environment variable.
```

Thoughts?
